# nosql-challenge
For this assignment, we were tasked with evaluating the UK Food Standards Agency data regarding restaurant quality throughout the United Kingdom. These evaluations resulted in a food hygiene rating, as well as scores for the building's structural integrity and confidence in management. For this homework scenario, "You've been contracted by the editors of a food magazine, Eat Safe, Love, to evaluate some of the ratings data in order to help their journalists and food critics decide where to focus future articles."

First, we conducted our imports and created an instance of MongoClient. Then we set up the UK Food database, and the establishments collection within the database. Once we had out collection, we added information about a new restaurant called Penang Flavours. This restuarant has not been rated bu the agency yet. We then used the 'find_one' function to find the Business Type Id for Restaurant/Cafe/Canteen. Then we eliminated the Dover Local Authority from the databse using the 'delete_many' function. We converted latitude and longitude to decimal, and  converted RatingValue to integer, This concluded the setup portion of  this assigment. 

After the setup, we were tasked with organizing the data based on rating and location. We found the restaurants with a hygiene score of 20 and put them into a dataframe. Then we sorted the London restaurants with a rating of 4, we used the count_documents function to determine that there were 33 restaurants in London with a rating of 4. To continue, we calculated the top 5 locations nearest Penang Flavours with a rating value pf 5, and sorted them by lowest hygiene score. We used the geocode latitude and longitude of Penang Flavours and did a degree search of .01 degrees on either side. Lastly, we created a pipeline that matched the establishments with a hygiene score of 0, and grouped the matches by Local Authority in descending order. This concluded the analysis portion of the assignment. This analysis is important because the agency ratings may affect a patron's decision to visit a restaurant. For example, restaurants with low hygiene scores may be visited less frequently than restaurants with higher hygiene scores. 
